Skip to main content
  * 

  * Locations
  * Paris
  * RiyadhComing Soon


  * 

RESERVATIONS
LOCATIONS
  * Locations
  * Paris
  * RiyadhComing Soon


EN
  * Languages
  * ENGLISH
  * FRANÇAIS


RESERVATIONS
# Cookie Policy
Date: November, 2024
Noctis Event (hereinafter ‘Paris Society’) is committed to respecting privacy and protecting personal data. It uses various tracers / cookies or other similar technologies on this website (hereinafter ‘the Site’) to measure the audience and integrate services to improve the interactivity of the Site.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please send an email to donnees.privees@paris-society.com.
## 1. What is the purpose of this Cookie Policy?
Our Site uses cookies to enable you to benefit from the services offered by our Site, such as its consultation or the optimisation of its use.
Cookies are stored during your visit to the Site in accordance with the choices you have made or may make at any time in accordance with this Policy.
This policy is formulated in application of the following regulations:
1. Article 5(3) of Directive 2002/58/EC, amended in 2009, which establishes the principle of prior consent from the user before information can be stored on his or her terminal or before information already stored on the terminal can be accessed; unless these actions are strictly necessary for the provision of an online communication service expressly requested by the user or have the sole purpose of enabling or facilitating communication by electronic means;
2. Article 82 of the amended French Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978;
3. Cnil guidelines and recommendations.
### 2. Definition of cookies and tracers
You are informed that, during your visits to this Site, cookies and other tracers may be installed or used to access information contained on your terminal equipment. The term cookie covers several technologies such as :
1. http cookies, 2. invisible pixels, 3. flash cookies, 4. local storage fingerprinting, 5. identifiers generated by software or operating systems (MAC address, serial number, unique terminal identifier (UTI), etc.).
Les cookies et les pixels invisibles vous sont présentés ci-dessous.
#### 2.1 Cookies
When you visit our website, information about your browsing habits may be stored in text files called “cookies”, which are installed on your browser. Cookies are used to recognize your browser for the duration of the cookie’s validity, and to return certain information (such as a session identifier or language selection). Only the issuer of the cookie concerned is likely to read or modify the information contained in it. These cookies are deposited either directly by our domain or, where applicable, by a partner (third-party cookies). Il existe différents types de cookies : 1. Session cookies, which disappear as soon as you leave our site ; 2. Permanent cookies, which remain on your terminal until their lifetime expires or until you delete them using your browser’s functions.
#### 2.2 Invisible pixels
These technologies are code fragments. They take the form of a tiny graphic image, invisible to the Internet user, on an Internet page or in an e-mail.
### 3. PURPOSE OF COOKIES USED
#### 3.1 Technical and functional cookies required for operation
Some cookies are used by our Site for purposes that do not require the user’s prior consent. These are technical and functional cookies used to : 1. Ensure the proper functioning of the website; 2. Keep your session active ; 3. Maintain your choice of language; 4. Save your choices concerning cookies ; 5. Ensure website security and navigation ;
#### 3.2 Analytical cookies required for operation
We use the Google Analytics solution. These cookies are used to measure and analyze site traffic by visitors; 1. Measure audience, performance and optimize advertising campaigns using other Google tools 2. Monitor and maintain site stability, 3. Provide reports and statistics; 4. Measure performance.
#### 3.3 Audience measurement cookies
We use the Google Analytics solution.
1. These cookies are used to measure and analyze site traffic;
2. Measure audience, performance and optimize advertising campaigns using other Google tools.
3. Monitor and maintain site stability,
4. Provide reports and statistics;
5. Measure performance,
#### 3.4 Facebook advertising pixel
We use the Facebook pixel on all pages of our site. This pixel is installed on the pages of our site to send information to Facebook. This information concerns :
1. The site pages you have visited,
2. Number of clicks on the “reserve” button,
3. Number of clicks on site menus,
4. Number of clicks on the site’s e-mail address or telephone number,
5. Find a place: number of clicks on the Google map,
6. Subscribe: number of clicks on the newsletter subscription button,
7. Payment Initiated: number of clicks on the Sevenrooms login page (this cookie is installed on the Sevenrooms reservation page).
8. Purchase: validation of the purchase process (this cookie is installed on the sevenrooms reservation page).
This pixel enables us to offer you a personalized advertising experience and to optimize our advertising campaigns and their conversion, to create more relevant audiences on our site and on Facebook, and to identify visitors from Facebook.
#### 3.5 Embedded pixels in emails
We use a pixel (Sarbacane Pixel) in the electronic communications we send you, which provides us with different types of information, such as the time and date the mel was consulted, the location and the browsers used. This information enables us to measure and analyze the audience for our communications and to target their recipients.
#### 3.6 Targeted advertising cookies
Subject to your prior consent, they enable our partners to display personalized content and advertising based on your interests on and off our site.
### 4. Cookies deposited by or via our site
The cookies deposited by or via our Site, as well as the cookies deposited via or by all of the websites published by Paris Society, are detailed in the table accessible below: donnees.privees@paris-society.com
Cookie | Type | Name | Expiry | Purpose  
---|---|---|---|---  
Cookie Allow cookies  |  Type Functional  |  Name moove_gdpr_popup  |  Expiry 14 days  |  Purpose This will remember that you are happy to allow cookies on our website.   
Cookie Google Analytics  |  Type Non essential  |  Name _ga  |  Expiry 13 months  |  Purpose Used to identify visitors   
Cookie Litespeed cache  |  Type Functional  |  Name _lscache_vary  |  Expiry 2 days  |  Purpose This cookie is used to store whether you are logged into the site and what your user role is. It us used to help improve site performance for logged in users.   
### 5. Flows outside the European Union
When using Google services, data is transferred outside the European Union to the United States, in particular for audience measurement (IP address, unique identifier and browsing information) and personalized advertising. The United States does not offer the same level of data protection as Europe. We have signed a contract with Google’s Irish entity, and the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses have been signed to govern data transfers. Additional guarantees have been taken to ensure that transferred data is protected.
Please note that if you do not wish your data to be transferred to the United States, we recommend that you do not accept Google Analytics cookies or Google advertising cookies in the cookies module.
### 6. CONSENT AND COOKIE MANAGEMENT
On your first visit, you will be asked to accept or refuse the use of certains cookies for which consent is required.
Cookies that are necessary for the proper operation of the Site do not require your consent.
With regard to other cookies, you can give your consent, define your choices or refuse them all from the module on the site.
If you do not wish cookies to be installed or read on your terminal equipment, a refusal cookie will be deposited on your equipment, so that the information that you have objected to the use of cookies is recorded. If you delete this refusal cookie, it will no longer be possible to identify you as having refused the use of cookies.
Similarly, when you accept the use of cookies, a consent cookie is set.
Consent or refusal cookies must remain on your terminal equipment, otherwise if you delete them, we will resubmit the cookie banner so that you can express your choice again. They are kept for 6 months. At the end of this period, we will ask you again for your consent or refusal.
You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on ‘Manage Cookies’ in the footer of the website.
Please visit the Cnil website for information on how to manage cookies by browser: https://www.cnil.fr/fr/cookies-et-autres-traceurs/comment-se-proteger/maitriser-votre-navigateur
## 7. Changes to the Cookie Policy
We invite you to consult this policy regularly on our Site. It may be updated according to the legal and regulatory context, the doctrine of the CNIL and the evolution of the Site.
## Contact us
Connect with Perruche
Get in touch
## Newsletter Signup
First Name
Last Name
E-mail address
  * I agree to receive updates about Perruche and agree to the terms and conditions and Privacy Policy.


Submit
follow us on
  * 

## Quicklinks & Policies
  * Contact us
  * Press Enquiries
  * Careers
  * Terms and Conditions


  * Cookie Policy
  * Manage Cookies
  * Privacy Policy
  * Legal Notice
  * Sitemap


Portfolio
© Paris Society International 2025 Created at The Hideout
## We use cookies
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website and to show you personalised content. You can allow all or manage them individually.
Accept All Reject All Manage
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
  * Cookie Overview
  * Essential Cookies
  * Analytical Cookies
  * Cookie Policy


Cookie Overview
This website uses cookies so we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. You can adjust your preferences below.
Essential Cookies
Essential Cookies are enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. These cookies do not collect any personal or sensitive information or IP addresses. Furthermore, the information they store is not sent to any 3rd parties.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Analytical Cookies
This website uses third party cookies such as Google Analytics to collect anonymous information, for example the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All Reject All Save Changes
Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance
Image 1 of 1
## Valentine’s Day
Perruche celebrates Valentine’s Day with an exceptional menu!
Discover the menu
